🌱 test/e2e: Cleanup test files & update doc (#7825)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: test/e2e/data/infrastructure-docker/README.md

# CAPD cluster templates

This folder contains cluster templates used in e2e tests. Each sub-folder contains cluster templates
for the corresponding Cluster API version.

> The cluster templates are used for clusterctl upgrade tests. In those tests we first deploy an old version of Cluster API and then upgrade to the version from the current branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subfolders for the old versions of Cluster API should contain only templates clusterctl upgrade tests; in those tests we first deploy an old version of Cluster API, create a workload cluster and then upgrade Cluster API to the version from the current branch (and check that the workload cluster works fine).
```
